I didn't expect my dignified imperial teacher
But it was planted in the hands of a wife
By a
The wife you once toyed with
Cornered
How do you feel?
I don't exist here at all
As long as I serve as the head of state
These distractions don't deserve to judge me
Even if all your plots are exposed
Even if you know my rights
As long as I can leave alive today
Tomorrow is your day of death
You rush to the state affairs of the building
Will be completely charged with treason
One that will keep him alive
One that allows him to sit firmly outside the imperial teacher
Wu Yangmu, you are really despicable
That's not a problem.
Wu Yangmu, today we work together to kill
No one will blame me
Presumptuous, I am a hero and a national teacher
Senior sister, since he has nowhere to go
You can take that thing out.
What is this?
Ouyang Mu, you didn't understand from beginning to end
That is the identity of your imperial teacher
I can't be your death-free gold medal at all.
My lord already knows what I'm doing
Order you to leave my life in Jinhai
This is Longquan Sword